question
trivia: password 1:
A more secure way to hashing a password involves appending this to the password before the hashing is done.

answer: salt

question:
trivia: osint:
What President is responsible for the agency that OSINT originated from? (First and Last name)

originated near second world war, so president at the time of second world war was:
answer: franklin roosevelt

question:
trivia: networking 1:
What is Layer 7 of the OSI Model?

answer: application

question
trivia: networking 2:
What protocol dynamically allocates IP Addresses?

answer: dhcp

question
trivia: networking 3:
What type of packet does ping use?

answer: icmp

question
trivia: networking 4:
What is the range of usable IP addresses with the following: 110.24.52.32/19

answer: 110.24.32.1 - 110.24.63.254 

question
trivia: pwn:
What is a countermeasure used to prevent return oriented programming?

answer: Address space layout randomization

question
trivia: pwn 2:
What are the pieces of a rop chain called?

http://codearcana.com/posts/2013/05/28/introduction-to-return-oriented-programming-rop.html
answer: gadget

question
trivia: reversing 2:
What is the deliberate act of trying to make code unreadable by a human in order to prevent tampering and to help ensure security?

answer: obfuscation

question
trivia: web 1:
These properties are important to guarantee valid transactions within a database?

answer: Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, and Durability

question
trivia: web 2:
This web attack takes advantage of web applications that can perform actions input by trusted users without requiring any form of authorization from the user allowing an attacker to perform actions through another user.

answer: cross site request forgery

question
trivia:Password 2
What company fell victim to the largest known breach in history? What year was the full extent of the breach discovered?

https://www.csoonline.com/article/2130877/the-biggest-data-breaches-of-the-21st-century.html
https://www.csoonline.com/article/3180762/inside-the-russian-hack-of-yahoo-how-they-did-it.html
answer: yahoo:2017

question
trivia: reversing 1
What person is credited with creating the first assembler and what device was it used in?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assembly_language (jump to "use of assembly language")
answer: David Wheeler:EDSAC

